Chris Cuomo, now with NewsNation, issued a public apology to former President Donald  Trump  following an apparent assassination attempt on  Trump . This apology was not only for the attempt on  Trump 's life but also seemed to address broader themes of media and public reaction
Okay? His management skills of it were terrible.  Trump  was in the midst of ending the war, not by pulling everybody out in an instant retreat... you don't understand how global conflict works, it's okay.
Here's Why You Should Get Tickets To 'Vindicating  Trump ' As Soon As You Can  https:// why-you-should-get-tickets-to-vindicating-trump-as-soon-as-you-can.html …  - Movie by Dinesh D'Souza - Vindicating  Trump  - The Department of Justice & CIA along with News Media want to Stop him at any cost even a Political Assassination !
$NFT  creating a foundation as the next big  trump  coin.
Harris is creeping up and closing right in on Tru mp!!!   #Georgia
President  Trump - Hire your own SECURITY
Daily reminder that Lava Girl grew up to be a crazy  Trump  lady and you should hate her because she sucks   Thanks
Imagine the stupidity of "wanting" to destroy the smartest, most motivated, innovative, visionary and creative person on the planet   I guess we don't have to imagine it. It's right before our eyes, pure evil    Trump  2024 ~ Make America Glorious Again!
Climate Change was "created" .....the Border problem is quite real!
@ABC  A top Senate Democrat blasted the Biden-Harris administration for "stonewalling" in response to requests for information on the assassination attempts on former President  Trump  and the potential failures of the U.S. Secret Service.
I think this guy is just saying what he thinks will keep him on tv. He hated  trump  on CNN. But now he’s making sense in favor of  trump !! Something smells!!
too bad criminals don't care about the laws they break lol
There is no evidence yet that he was actually there to shoot  Trump . SS assumed it.
Telemundo cómplice de la Extrema Izquierda que estimula el Odio y la violencia contra el expresidente  Trump
@KamalaHarris  isn’t a billionaire. She worked her way up from middle class. Unlike  Trump  who was handed everything and doesn’t even know the meaning of “hard work”
Why she acting like a child She's a whole 30-year-old adult
@NEWSMAX .  @DrRandPaul .  @drsimonegold .  @P_McCulloughMD . When this TERRIFYING PATIENT NEWS is spoken first hand from the HOSPITAL STAFF, It's very hard to ignore.
You're projecting  Trump  has nothing to gain, and everything to lose, including 2 separate assassination attempts Stop being arrogant and see  Trump  is the patriot running for office compared to the puppet installed by the feds
You called  trump  Hitler
How many times I got to tell you God has Donald  Trump 's back all the way to the White House to become our next 47th president of the USA!
May be coming soon to the US.   Choose wisely in Nov. Trump  2024!
What if even after all this - and hear me out -  Trump  still wins?
2 white dudes then tried to kill  trump . It really be your own people
Mystery as billionaire investor Daniel Reiner, 72, is found dead in his private lake in sprawling Washington estate
Yet another disinformation campaign.  They didn’t try to take out Traitor- Trump .
U.S. feds (Democrats) hate President  Trump  because he eliminated Islamic TERRORISTS......while the  #DeepState  feds, FBI, DHS, CIA etc and Democrats are now controlled by Islamic TERRORISTS (Muslim Brotherhood) @elonmusk   @SebGorka   @GenBoykin   @GenFlynn   @MikeBenzCyber   @JamieGlazov
Mind you  trump  just had another attempt on his life, media is insane on what they choose to cover
Noooo President  Trump  don't touch that pager!!
Trump  Says There''s ''No Such Thing As Obamacare Anymore'' One Month Before Enrollment Starts. It''s still the law of the land.
Take a leap of Faith. Trump  is The Main character God has given him plot armor for he is integral in God's plan what ever that plan maybe.  It needs to unfold like this dark before light its gonna look a lot worse before it gets better.  Have Faith.  Trust in the plan.  49 Days
U.S. feds (Democrats) hate President  Trump  because he eliminated Islamic TERRORISTS......while the  #DeepState  feds, FBI, DHS, CIA etc and Democrats are now controlled by Islamic TERRORISTS (Muslim Brotherhood) @elonmusk   @SebGorka   @GenBoykin   @GenFlynn   @MikeBenzCyber   @JamieGlazov
Mind you  trump  just had another attempt on his life, media is insane on what they choose to cover
Noooo President  Trump  don't touch that pager!!
Trump  Says There''s ''No Such Thing As Obamacare Anymore'' One Month Before Enrollment Starts. It''s still the law of the land.
Take a leap of Faith. Trump  is The Main character God has given him plot armor for he is integral in God's plan what ever that plan maybe.  It needs to unfold like this dark before light its gonna look a lot worse before it gets better.  Have Faith.  Trust in the plan.  49 Days
1000 % YES  !!
Why?   Trump  is a better candidate
Trump  2024
Someone should make  Trump  look like Minos prime
there always some shit stain of a  country injecting themselves into every other countries problems but feels harassed and threatened when an outsider does the same for them. ironic.
"They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats, the pets of the people who live there." This  is yet another LIE aimed at THE OTHER. Perfect example of  Trump  ginning up hatred for brown people.
We are n that's why we're all voting  Tr ump!! U suck
She’s scared out of her mind, knowing that  Trump  has a special oceanfront cell for her in Gitmo.
Trump  doesn't give a shit about anyone except himself. He's only running to stay out of prison.
TRUMP  IS LOOSING!
And yes, putting someone in jail, let alone their parents, for having thoughts…incredibly dangerous precedence you’d be setting.  How do you think  Trump  would act with that authority with leftists on here?
It seems to me that the BBC is quick to jump on anything that paints  Trump  or Musk in a negative light during this U.S. election campaign, even if it's not really  that newsworthy.  How is that balanced and fair reporting from a public broadcaster?  I’m personally not a  Trump
This from Mike Johnson who helped  trump  with fake electors in 2020
Wouldn't have Voted for  Trump  if I did
Democrats are calling for harm to President  Trump !
And yes, putting someone in jail, let alone their parents, for having thoughts…incredibly dangerous precedence you’d be setting.  How do you think  Trump  would act with that authority with leftists on here?
It seems to me that the BBC is quick to jump on anything that paints  Trump  or Musk in a negative light during this U.S. election campaign, even if it's not really  that newsworthy.  How is that balanced and fair reporting from a public broadcaster?  I’m personally not a  Trump
This from Mike Johnson who helped  trump  with fake electors in 2020
Wouldn't have Voted for  Trump  if I did
Democrats are calling for harm to President  Trump !
It's not just  Trump  calling for violence. It's many other GOP too. For example, look at this political ad Greitens made a couple years ago.   ‘RINO Hunting’ Ad Aimed At Republicans Draws Bipartisan Criticism  https:// =axj1Pap-TRd9iEha …  via  @YouTube
Who gives a fuck what these two zeros think? I heard Melvin Schmedrick just came out for  Trump
How exactly was it proven  Trump  is not involved?  On his say so?  If that is all you have then you better prove something far more entertaining to this
This “Fact checkers Unite” account is just one more account to add to the MANY Krassenstein Bros X accounts so they can further shill for the Democrats and trash  Trump  with more inflammatory crap to try and get him shot at again.  Damn these two nasty guys.
I'm surprised you are trying to compare the 2 sides. Not even close.
Why don't you use your unfiltered photo, fat girl?
you're Kookoo for Coco Puffs.
Is it bad that i am laughing at these?  Im sorry but the method  trumps  the morality of this. It really does.
He was saved by our Lady on Her Feast Day, Our Lady of Sorrows. Blessed Mother, please protect Pres.  Trump  from all dangers and guide him in Your Son’s will.
Trump  is looking ahead and seeing the debt and Biden's warmongering nearly bankrupting the US and pushing us to an edge. In the Kamala War & Free Giveaways Society we get to that edge so much faster, facing HYPERINFLATION  and ... (eating pets?). With disaster looming,  Trump , who
Has  Trump  tweeted out yet "I hate Billie Eilish"?  The endorsement of Billie Eilish is a big effing deal.  Her words are a dire warning for all of us, not just women, to "Vote like your life depends on it".
Whenever I read something like this, at this point my immediate go to is, "Yeah, that's not true". Then I look deeper and nope, not true. Had nothing to do w  Trump .
Are you a  Trump  supporter? I'm sure the deep state is taking notes.
Boa tarde         a todos os guerreiros da família elon muskulo e cérebro, bolsonaro brasil, milei, bukele, trump  e etc.......
Trump  wanted to continue his golf game. Sen  @JDVance  details his phone call with Pres.  Trump  after the attack on his life.  #assassinationattempt Watch LIVE coverage here   https:// ce-delivers-remarks-in-sparta-michigan.html … Get RAV 24/7    http://
Hi
The Democratic party is Cancer in America, the cure can only come through the people and the Republicans! God protect President Tr ump
And I understand it’s a SERIOUS union they’ve joined! . . . (btw I think Biden Admin has generally been good on labor issues - and Harris/Walz would clearly be much better than  Trump /Vance/ElonMusk!)

It is a stain on the country that  Trump  was President.
Trump 's J6 mortal sin against our republic is the only thing Americans should care about in this election.  Harris is the only choice if you believe in the rule of law and not the rule of one man.
I would have double-sided signs with  Trump  on the street side and Harris on the house side. He would have to check every sign in his district. LOL.
Yep.. I hope he takes  Trump  down with him
.⁦ @marcthiessen ⁩: "We are still learning about this gunman, but  Trump  assigns blame to Democratic campaign rhetoric that portrays him as a threat to democracy."  He is wrong, Marc. It is a fact.  Trump  is a threat to democracy. Now report me to  @FBI .
https:// an-americans-fear-their-safety-after-trump-repeats-false-claims-about-2024-09-11/ … Haitian Americans fear for their safety after  Trump  repeats false claims ...
https:// an-americans-fear-their-safety-after-trump-repeats-false-claims-about-2024-09-11/ … Haitian Americans fear for their safety after  Trump  repeats false claims ...
All this to attempt to minimize the fact that someone heeded the call from the left to get rid of  Trump . He waited hours to try and kill the person you demonize every day, then you act as if it's nothing. Shame on you.
Petey B - I love your stance on alcohol and drugs, and I commend you for turning your life around.  That being said, I would bet very good money that  Trump  does not win.  I am on the ground in Pennsylvania and Kamala signs are popping up everywhere.  Life isn’t so bad right now…
How about those Haitians JD and  Trump  are targeting? Might some of them get killed JD?  Democrats are just repeating things that you and Fat Donnie say, right HD?
Ironic that they arrest Diitty right after another assassination attempt on Donald  Trump . Yet again we get a  diversion and another deflecting news story for the propaganda media to push!
Yep! The same DOJ, FBI etc that are trying to take down  Trump  are the same ones investigating his attempted assignations!   Have it make sense?
This is the most frustrating group ever  They thought Harris was better, their opinion of her improved and theirs of  Trump  worsened  Yet almost none of them wanted to vote for Harris and many still are choosing  Trump You don't have to win undecided voters, you gotta educate them
Trump  wants to jail anyone criticizing Jews or Israel, he's no better.
Arrest and charge  trump  with manslaughter.
Do you realize  Trump  tax cuts are still active. The inflation reduction act caused record high costs on everything
Wow, Guns and Roses? I’m shocked!
Mr. Stern, we’re voting for president  Trump . Thank you for saying you hate us for doing so, it makes us feel good to know we’ve frustrated another liberal who can’t stand someone not following them. And don’t worry, we don’t listen to your garbage show anyway.
We love to see it
I just enjoy folks being as accurate as they can. He could still vote or root for  Trump , but he’s speaking the truth (here, at least)—and I always appreciate that.
Here is what we know so far: Kamala Harris has said that “democracy is on the line" in her race against President  Trump . The gunman agreed and used the exact same phrase. He had a Biden-Harris bumper sticker on his truck. He was obsessed with Ukraine’s “fight for democracy” and
Wer andere ist komischerweise immer Geld da. Nur für die eigene Bevölkerung nicht. Wie passt das zusammen? Warum andere zuerst?  Trump  hat absolut recht mit seinem America First.
Yes
Trumps  no better.
Back row window seat. I fake being a sensitive yet masculine  Trump  hater and score myself a mile high hand job under one of those little blankets they give you while Joy Reid is loudly snoring two seats over.
It's not just  Trump , either. JD Vance himself has incited violence with this Haitian bullshit he's been spreading.
100%.
We WILL BE voting Red
Registered REPUBLICANS are taking shots at  Trump , period, not the left. Easy fact to confirm This one supported  Trump  then Nikki then DeSantis Did  Trump  think HIS violent rhetoric & encouraged violence wouldn't come home to roost? His comrade MAGAs are doing this don't blame left
@dbongino   @greggutfeld  Based on the lefts definition of inciting violence, as they have used with reference to President  Trump , are they not guilty of the same?
Wer andere ist komischerweise immer Geld da. Nur für die eigene Bevölkerung nicht. Wie passt das zusammen? Warum andere zuerst?  Trump  hat absolut recht mit seinem America First.
Yes
Trumps  no better.
Back row window seat. I fake being a sensitive yet masculine  Trump  hater and score myself a mile high hand job under one of those little blankets they give you while Joy Reid is loudly snoring two seats over.
It's not just  Trump , either. JD Vance himself has incited violence with this Haitian bullshit he's been spreading.
100%.
We WILL BE voting Red
Registered REPUBLICANS are taking shots at  Trump , period, not the left. Easy fact to confirm This one supported  Trump  then Nikki then DeSantis Did  Trump  think HIS violent rhetoric & encouraged violence wouldn't come home to roost? His comrade MAGAs are doing this don't blame left
@dbongino   @greggutfeld  Based on the lefts definition of inciting violence, as they have used with reference to President  Trump , are they not guilty of the same?
In addition to the  Trump  endorsement.  Boeing is deeply imbedded with the FAA.  And are very upset that Space X is bringing their astronauts home in Feb.
A filled out 1099  Trump Don't pay taxes lol
Trump  cares about the USA you care about the world. There lies the first conflict.
AI  Trump : What Are You Gonna Do?  https:// =QhScoeHuthBTiIYt …  via  @YouTube
He actually said so:  "I don't care about you, I just want your votes." trump  is causing the violence with his political rhetoric.
U sure ur watching the same series as I did? They clearly make fun of both sides   It ain’t even that deep anyway it’s a s  how it’s not like they say don’t vote for Trump or Kamala
Well he also tweeted about support for Vivek and Haley and supported Tulsi Gabbard and voted for  Trump  in 2016 and was a registered Republican, so you may have oversimplified things (as flaming propagandists are prone to do).
A country of slaves, and a few with guns to rule them.
@TheDemocrats  A top Senate Democrat blasted the Biden-Harris administration for "stonewalling" in response to requests for information on the assassination attempts on former President  Trump  and the potential failures of the U.S. Secret Service.
Vote for  trump
Fine example of the hate and rhetoric from the press to incite violence to the point of assassination attempts. She clearly said to shoot our duly elected and most beloved President Donald John  Trump . She should be held accountable.Nothing will be done she has a commie free pass.
LOL
U sure ur watching the same series as I did? They clearly make fun of both sides   It ain’t even that deep anyway it’s a s  how it’s not like they say don’t vote for Trump or Kamala
Well he also tweeted about support for Vivek and Haley and supported Tulsi Gabbard and voted for  Trump  in 2016 and was a registered Republican, so you may have oversimplified things (as flaming propagandists are prone to do).
A country of slaves, and a few with guns to rule them.
@TheDemocrats  A top Senate Democrat blasted the Biden-Harris administration for "stonewalling" in response to requests for information on the assassination attempts on former President  Trump  and the potential failures of the U.S. Secret Service.
Vote for  trump
Fine example of the hate and rhetoric from the press to incite violence to the point of assassination attempts. She clearly said to shoot our duly elected and most beloved President Donald John  Trump . She should be held accountable.Nothing will be done she has a commie free pass.
LOL
Yes
Pack your bags Bob, this country loves  Trump  & they R hell bent on paying the price to Lose the Republic & Democracy!  Trump  Dictatorship 24/7, 365! Project 2025 For Life!
From  Trump  Acres nursing home?
you are the vile congressperson who only second to  trump  is completely self serving. Oh and i guess  trump  thru you over for his new Loomer lover
Trump -where the ketchup meets the wall!  How many empty Hail Mary passes is he going to throw between now & Election Day?
I find it ironic that the man that called  trump  (the man who’s called Kamala a communist, marxist, and fascist)  hitler last year now he’s saying democrats need to calm down the rhetoric
Best night ever.  The ugly crying at the Javitz. And she never comes out.  I will love  Trump  forever for keeping her from becoming President.
No nothing to do with Jan 6th.   Do you recall  Trump  going into hiding while tear gas and riot gear equipped police were in cities across the country?
It's malarkey!
A la hora de considerar no solo las encuestas sino también la data histórica, mi modelo da una leve ventaja para  Trump .  Harris 47% Trump  51% Empate 2%  Estas son probabilidades empíricas con 10,000 simulaciones tomando en cuenta correlación entre estados.
Yup because  Trump  allowed for in office and let the racist bigots come out of the closet.
Sure. Both Atlas and Trafalgar, you know 2 of the 3 most accurate polls for the last two Presidential elections both have  Trump  +2  ahead. And, btw, historically speaking  Trump  outperforms polling.
Attaching the SAVE Act is pure political theatre. Our elections ARE safe.  Trump  filed over 60 lawsuits & every single one failed bc there was NO evidence of election fraud. Taking this tactic is NOT being responsible.
But, and here’s the hilarious thing, he never fired a shot at  trump . So how is it attempted murder???   If only you showed as much empathy to murdered children in classrooms then the world would be a better place.
Donald  Trump  is weird. Laura Loomer is very very weird.  JD Vance is very weird. Elon Musk is really really weird. Lindsey Graham is weird af. Tim Scott is so so so weird. Mike Johnson is incredibly weird. Ted Cruz is insufferably weird. Republicans are fucking weird.  Vote Blue.
Trump  now has the highest Latino vote in his entire political career
He was a never  trump  republican. That doesn't make them leftists you troglodyte.
I do love how the promises are flying left and right from Mr.  Trump !  Anything to get a vote!
He was a never  trump  republican. That doesn't make them leftists you troglodyte.
I do love how the promises are flying left and right from Mr.  Trump !  Anything to get a vote!
Make sure you GO OUT on the 5th of November and vote   #Trump   to end all these cretinous talks that will not help America.  #USElection2024   #TrumpToSaveAmerica
She is not a good singer. She's cute but nothing exceptional. She's definitely hot or intelligent.
No she’s more qualified than  Trump
The threat of state-sponsored, paramilitary and vigilante violence when  Trump  loses is very real.
DeFi,  Trump  Style: A Family Circus  http://
She did not mean that all troops were in America  .  Trump  has said about a hundred times that there were no wars while he was POTUS. Except the war in Afghanistan that he conveniently repeatedly forgets.
Sen kimsin ki seni inandırmaya çalışalım? Sen git  Trump  ve Biden'leri dinlemeye devam et onlara çok iyi inandığınızı biliyoruz!
Apparently only Republicans were taught how to read and comprehend at the same time. Democrats just take the word of their president "this is good pass it" without enough sense to read or comprehend. Wake up America vote  Trump ... let's get our country back from illegal immigrants
People have finally had the time to analyze her enough, to determine that the wonderful rumor about her is actually true: she's not  Trump !
“SpaceX facing penalties isn’t surprising given the growing tension between Elon Musk and the government. The timing, following his  Trump  endorsement, does raise eyebrows. Whether coincidence or retaliation, this will only fuel more speculation about political motives.”
Trump  and Vance are declaring war on the poor! Saying they want to get rid of welfare and income based housing!  #RepublicansAreDestroyingAmerica   #VoteHarrisWalz2024
Just so I understand this, Democrats are reason Republicans are trying to kill  Trump ?? this is taking blame placing to a higher level especially since these people only have easy access to guns because of  Trump  & republicans.. & they're angry based on GOP lies  #TakeResponsibility
If  Trump  tweeted, I HATE YOU TAYLOR SWIFT, because she didn't endorse him, and he tweeted about Kyle Rittenhouse and he hates anybody that don't support him.   Can you imagine how much hate he has for black people.....Black people charged with a crime, indicted him of the crime,
This is nothing compared to what  Trump  and Vance say every day.  They lie and lie at every juncture and admit it.
Looks like a political move to me. Elon Musk supports  Trump , and now SpaceX is getting targeted. Coincidence? I doubt it.
Seth posted just yesterday polls showing  Trump  up in PA and Georgia. Trafalgar had him up in Arizona too. He's also had recent leads in Michigan with 2 pollsters who have never had him leading before.
Yes! America First with legal naturalized  immigrants included. NO ILLEGALS!!
squint to see  trump
There is a major difference between what Elon posted and the MSM saying that  Trump  is a threat to democracy (which is a legitimate assertion.)  Elon clearly lacks the nuanced understanding, judgment, and  temperament to be of any value to improving America for the average person.
Harris is VP and she hasn't done anything for productive rights. Her and Biden failed us, so we're voting for  Trump  because  Trump  gets things done for democracy.  Trump  will get Congress to pass national abortion legislation & border legislation where Biden and Harris have failed.
Well GNR can eat   now.
We have lost Presidents, you moron.  And since when do you  trump  people care what our country “looks” like!!!
Lies told by  Trump  45,000  Lies told by Harris less than 5
After years of harassment and "lock her up" chants, nobody deserves to watch the fiery embers of Karma cook  trump  more than Hillary Clinton.  "Looks like Karma to me."
Yep.   Trump  hasn’t said anything to make me believe he’ll govern more responsibly and to the right than last time, at least not without saying something 180 degrees different on a subsequent speech.  On the contrary, this lame duck has already moved further leftward.
Take the L- your whataboutism failed miserably. 4x as many soldiers died on  Trump ’s watch than Biden’s.
Boosting  trump  there not been 2 attempts on his life that’s not just random pissed off opposition supporters that last shooter was supposedly in position 11 hrs prior so got heads up from someone I wonder who
HELL YES WITH MASS DEPORTATION
Stop pretending you know science better than scientists. You don't. Stick to what you're good at, like getting blown up.  Trump  hates maimed military guys. He thinks no one wants to see guys like you and you kiss his ass. So pathetic.
I wonder if Taylor Swift supports Men participating in women's sport, men showering with little kids? Christian Values???? My butt.
La moda está llegando a UE  , ese niño si tuviera acceso a armas de fuego, fusiles, como en EEUU  , no dudaría en matar a sus compañeritos y maestros  Dantesco, lo que influyen las RRSS     Ahora en USA   la moda es tratar de cazar a  Trump
You’re reaching and clearly desperate to misled the public. You’ve pulled propaganda tactics right out of the German playbook when a man as vile as  Trump  was able to seize power. You should be ashamed, this will be your legacy. Not electric cars, Mars, or cybernetics/AI.
We are all voting  trump  because I can buy nothing and I have no more money
You go right ahead buddy.  You do you.  The rest of us will NOT give up our Second Amendment right.   Did you stop flying in planes when the 911 terrorists flew the planes into buildings too?
The Democrats Are the TRUE ENEMY The Democrats (LIBERALS) ARE NOT THE PARTY OF “LOVE AND JOY”  #TrumpAssasinationAttempt
Typical, Democrat accuses  Trump  of something She is guilty of.  She has evaded accountability all her life.
No,  Trump  is America's greatest mistake.
absolutely, she just wants the power and prestige she does not care about anyone but herself.
OH PLEASE!!!   TRUMP  DOES IT TO HIMSELF. STOP THE DAMN BLAME GAME
It's been 24 hours since Bongino's warning and 48 hours since  Trump  was nearly killed again. The Republican House has not taken any action.
Please Follow Me Back Let's Collaborate
Trump  must win in November or this will leach through the rest of the country and directly affect all of us.
Hi I think you're mistaken on  Trump  & Project 2025. Many ties. 140 of  Trump 's staffers worked on it, he praised it early on video as “plans for exactly what our movement will do,” there is hidden camera evidence of  Trump  ties, & Vance wrote the Foreword to the short version
#Trump   is not a threat to Democracy. He is a threat to the  #DeepState   #PEDOS  & Satanic cultists New World Order being set up by the  #WEFCabal
The fact that they're foreign  Trump  supporters doesn't change that the threats started right after  Trump  and Vance talked about the town.
That's the exact talking points you're supposed to say. You might be too bias for this conversation. I've heard the rhetoric from both sides and seen the violence of both sides. You seem inclined to ignore reality. Things like "Put  Trump  in the bullseye" and "Our greatest threat
In related news, Temu has just recalled all pagers sold through their website.
Registered REPUBLICANS are taking shots at  Trump , period, not the left. Easy fact to confirm This one supported  Trump  then Nikki then DeSantis Did  Trump  think HIS violent rhetoric & encouraged violence wouldn't come home to roost? His comrade MAGAs are doing this don't blame left
I think so. Now think for a moment if they did the same for  Trump  who is actually under threat.
tRUMP  encourages "political violence" at EVERY opportunity-For example-Jan 6th simply BECAUSE HE LOST AN ELECTION+wanted to AVOID PRISON-then recently-LYING about Haitian IMMIGRANTS in OHIO in order pit his NAZIS/FASCISTS against innocent people in a FAILED ATTEMPT to gain favor!
Bil Clinton is a proven sexual predator unlike  Trump , and was protected by Democrats such as Hillary Clinton:
With the extremism on both sides.  Trump  secretly has my vote but may have to vote for any one who isn’t republican otherwise. Religion and personal beliefs do not belong in politics. The governments only role is to protect the constitution as it is written anything is is treason.
I have been on this platform for a long time and I asked  Trump  long before he ran for President shouldn’t he apologize to the  @CP5CASTING  and he said “no they pleaded guilty” and I reminded him that they were children
Why should I be? I’m not happy that border bill was killed. If  trump  cared about the United States, why did he put himself first? Ready to talk about the economy?
Johnson was at Mar-A-Lago this past weekend
Hi Death Cultist.  Trump  has killed zero people. Hitler killed 6 million of mine, not to mention all the casualties from the war. You can stop talking.
So should we take down the addresses of houses with  trump  signs?
There was nothing in Joe’s tweet normalizing any of the  Trump  madness. FULL STOP.
You mean the same ones that  Trump  had that they got rid of for 3.5 years?
nah,  trump  isn't in office
It is quite annoying and actually will make myself vote for  Trump  even more as I fact check the ad and   then  . TRUMP 2024!
Mr.Cheunson, wth are you talking about? "Common sense tells us that if your nominee drops out, you nominate the next best option."  Your  Trump  derangement is so extreme you've lost focus of the original topic!! Go take your meds and stop listening to the MSM.
Brittany should realize that she's losing her husband some fans when she promotes  Trump , anyway.
Trump  is evil!
Who wants to place a bet that  Trump   and Melania were NOT involved in the Ditty child trafficking and prostitution ring???
@cnn  loves any press,  truth of not and lets it’s talent say anything as long as it is negative against  Trump ,  Trump  allies or supporters.  No decency anymore
Obvious  ly Trump.
I just heard from a friend who lives in Michigan, and he says there are 25 ads for Kamala to 1 for  Trump . He better get on that, as I do believe he needs that state.
Good art work! Fan Fantasy, right? Because  Trump  doesn't demonstrate any of this! Let’s stay serious.
Ryan Routh caught in Martin County after FL  Trump  assassination attempt
Good art work! Fan Fantasy, right? Because  Trump  doesn't demonstrate any of this! Let’s stay serious.
Ryan Routh caught in Martin County after FL  Trump  assassination attempt
YIKES!  Trump ’s Supporters ABANDON Him at CRITICAL TIME  https:// =l5AkCGLWQk9wh_rX …  via  @YouTube
But according to  Trump , a vice president doesn't do anything... which is it?
Lefties losing it: MSNBC encourages Hillary Clinton's 'ugly' anti- Trump !!!  https:// =n0cV1iIs6StNLWIV …  via  @YouTube
This. We are never more irrational than during the two months before a presidential election where  Trump  is on the ballot
MAGA thinking that  Trump  is chosen by God for having survived two assassination attempts will lose their mind once they learn about Castro
"The Dems explicitly called for  Trump  to be shot and now two people have answered that call"  BS
I didn’t hear the soros shit but yeah hiss shilling  for Israel is concerning.   But desantis is correct here. Why would any sane person still trust the feds to handle anything honestly involving  trump ?
Here’s your reminder that  Trump  redrew the “actual” projected path of a hurricane in the upper gulf with a sharpie. Over the NWS map. On national television.   Sorry it was a do n olives way to say the guy’s a complete dolt.
I know, right?!?! I was bewildered that the  Trump 's kept saying etherium on  @farokh  space last night. They want to bring Blockchain tech to the every day person. They don't understand we can't afford 50$ for a simple transaction. We can't afford to get hacked.   Nobody is going
OK Boomer….  Since when has  Trump  given a shit about the Seniors. This Senior is Harris all the way, for myself, for my granddaughters and all women in this country. He hates women. The GOP hates women.
You deflected to  Trump  after I highlighted your ignorant lies regarding Rittenhouse.   Instead of owning up to your misinformation, you deflected to a topic I never mentioned.   You've been reduced to a troll.
VD Vance is responsible, it was he who called  Trump  America's Adolf Hitler, it was he who said  Trump  is a Danger to Democracy, just as it was Cruz, Rubio, Graham, McCarthy McConnell & dozens of other Republicans who all warned America that Donald  Trump  is a Danger to Democracy.
Hatred on the left? Have you heard  Trump  and Vance lately?
Yes I do!
Trump  gonna do omnicide.eth
This crazy cuz 20 years ago every nigga wanted to be Puff or  Trump
The framers of the constitution in 1787 established the electoral college, but I guess that’s T rump’ s fault too.  The real disenfranchisement is installing a candidate without a single vote. She couldn’t even finish a primary when she tried. She’s Hubert Humphrey.
I seem to remember dems and Hillary many other top dems calling  Trump  and illegitimate president.
Oh Please you Republicans are grasping, at straws( who really believe that there was a second attempt on former President Donald  Trump  life ;plus how did the person know he was going to be there on the Golf course and what time?
OK Boomer….  Since when has  Trump  given a shit about the Seniors. This Senior is Harris all the way, for myself, for my granddaughters and all women in this country. He hates women. The GOP hates women.
You deflected to  Trump  after I highlighted your ignorant lies regarding Rittenhouse.   Instead of owning up to your misinformation, you deflected to a topic I never mentioned.   You've been reduced to a troll.
VD Vance is responsible, it was he who called  Trump  America's Adolf Hitler, it was he who said  Trump  is a Danger to Democracy, just as it was Cruz, Rubio, Graham, McCarthy McConnell & dozens of other Republicans who all warned America that Donald  Trump  is a Danger to Democracy.
Hatred on the left? Have you heard  Trump  and Vance lately?
Yes I do!
Trump  gonna do omnicide.eth
This crazy cuz 20 years ago every nigga wanted to be Puff or  Trump
The framers of the constitution in 1787 established the electoral college, but I guess that’s T rump’ s fault too.  The real disenfranchisement is installing a candidate without a single vote. She couldn’t even finish a primary when she tried. She’s Hubert Humphrey.
I seem to remember dems and Hillary many other top dems calling  Trump  and illegitimate president.
Oh Please you Republicans are grasping, at straws( who really believe that there was a second attempt on former President Donald  Trump  life ;plus how did the person know he was going to be there on the Golf course and what time?
Trump  is going to cut medicare and social security so he lost the senior citizen vote a year ago. This post just reeks of lying desperation.
The first person who shot at  Trump  was a registered Republican and the second was a  Trump  voter in 2016
Liar! If  Trump  was on the Epstein list it would be published on billboards. Kamala had 4 years to do something but she did nothing but cover up the old pedophile's mental state.
Your  Trump  derangement syndrome is showing.
Donald  Trump  Jr. just deleted his post defending the actions of this Libertarian CRIMINAL. I thought the  #Gop  was all about Law and Order? Oh, not when they break laws
#JDVance  is such an idiot he does not know the difference between the EU and NATO and thinks our alliances should be based on who likes Elon Musk and Twitter. Seriously, this twit needs a brain scan to see if he has one.  #Trump
Trump  won’t win
Perhaps  Trump  could hire some ex-Mossad guys
Scripps News did a short report on how someone is using  Trump 's celebrity to sell crypto currency. I did not hear all of it but you might want to check it out. They said banks are warning people NOT TO INVEST in this.  They treated it like a scam. So you might want to check it.
'I'm not even sure he can spell IVF': Tammy Duckworth doubts  Trump  on reproductive rights
Yall could have Biden shooting at  Trump  and democrats still gonna find a way to say it was a republican lmfao
'I'm not even sure he can spell IVF': Tammy Duckworth doubts  Trump  on reproductive rights
Yall could have Biden shooting at  Trump  and democrats still gonna find a way to say it was a republican lmfao
Registered REPUBLICANS are taking shots at  Trump , period, not the left. Easy fact to confirm This one supported  Trump  then Nikki then DeSantis Did  Trump  think HIS violent rhetoric & encouraged violence wouldn't come home to roost? His comrade MAGAs are doing this don't blame left
Crazy isn't it
All defections from real American issues.  Nothing about real policies, affecting real working class families, or affecting real economic change.  Just concepts.  But the amount of time spent on the golf course is very real.  The assassin knew exactly where  Trump ’s time is wasted
Trump  just talking out of his ass as usual
Hillary then George
Parody
I agree 100%, Diana!
Trump  tower will reply shortly lol
LE RETOUR EN ARRIÈRE LE FUTUR PROUVE LE PASSÉ ?   "Qu'est-ce que QAnon, le groupe de théories du complot qui se présente aux meetings de  Trump  ?" est le titre d'un article de Fox News Publié 17 février 2020 13h13 HNE cité dans le :  Q post 1814 du 3 août 2018  [Sur tous les
You had this coming.  Pay your penalties like everyone else.  You and  Trump  billionaire but still don't want to pay your fair share
Nope.   Trump , FOX and NEWSMAX are the big liars and propagandists, and you aren't bothered by it in the least.
Misinfomration boosted  Trump  back in 2016 LOL - still pushing out the excuses ... meanwhile the world knwos she paid for a fake dossier on  Trump   - how does she even show her face - zero culpability and zero self awareness
Nothing happened in 2020 and nothing will happen in 2024 you are just that bad of a candidate that can’t take no for an answer. Grow up baby  Trump .
Hvorfor? Jeg er enig i at  Trump  nok er nærmere fascisme enn Harris er kommunisme, men ut over det?
The very first week Biden was in office he shutdown every single economic advantage we had in energy production. To spite  Trump . That increased the cost of goods sold across the entire spectrum. When gas is up, everything goes up.
You and that guy that tried to kill  Trump  this weekend bought the same propaganda.   Project 2025 is not  Trumps ....
It's alright for jd vance and  trump  to lie
The  Trump  sh$$ter is just an allegation at this point. Are you also convinced he isn't a suspect?
ABC Admits It Rigged Debate, Hosts Planned Event to Attack  Trump   https:// -admits-it-rigged-debate-hosts-planned-event-to-attack-trump/ …
